packages/core/docs/composables/composition-api.md, before:

# Composition API

Composition API is a new way to abstract and reuse the logic added in Vue 3.0. It allows you to create and observe a reactive state both inside the Vue component and outside it as a standalone function.

Let's try to build functionality for submitting a form with two fields: user name and password.

```html
<template>
  <form>
    <input type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>
```

In the Vue component, Composition API methods should be called inside the new component option called `setup`:

```html
<script>
  export default {
    setup() {
      // here we will start using Composition API
    },
    data() {
      return {
        /* ... */
      };
    },
    methods: {
      /* ... */
    }
  };
</script>
```

First of all, we need two reactive values that will be bound to form fields. They can be created with Vue `ref` method:

```js
import { ref } from 'vue';

export default {
  setup() {
    const username = ref('');
    const password = ref('');

    return { username, password };
  }
};
```

The argument passed to `ref` is an _initial value_ of our reactive state properties. Under the hood, `ref` creates an object with a single property `value`:

```js
setup() {
  const username = ref('');
  const password = ref('');

  console.log(username.value) // => ''

  return { username, password };
}
```

After we returned reactive properties from the `setup`, they become available in Vue component options (such as `data` or `methods`) and in component template. `refs` returned from setup are automatically unwrapped - this means you don't access the `.value` anymore:

```html
<template>
  <form @submit="submitForm">
    <input v-model="username" type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input v-model="password" type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>

<script>
  import { ref } from 'vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      const username = ref('');
      const password = ref('');

      return { username, password };
    }
    methods: {
      submitForm() {
        console.log(this.username)
      }
    }
  };
</script>
```

Methods can be also created inside the `setup` option:

```js{6-11}
export default {
  setup() {
    const username = ref('');
    const password = ref('');

    const submitForm = () => {
      // remember that inside `setup` you need to access ref's value
      console.log(username.value);
    };

    return { username, password, submitForm };
  }
};
```

Let's disable a button when username or password is empty. In order to do this, we can create a computed property - and this can be also done with the Composition API inside the `setup`:

```html{5,15-17}
<template>
  <form @submit="submitForm">
    <input v-model="username" type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input v-model="password" type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button :disabled="!isValid" type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>

<script>
  import { ref, computed } from 'vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      /*...*/
      const isValid = computed(
        () => username.value.length > 0 && password.value.length > 0
      );

      return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
    }
  };
</script>
```

Now, we can make a final step and abstract all the form functionality _outside_ the component - in a standalone function:

```js
// useForm.js

import { ref, computed } from 'vue';

export function useForm() {
  const username = ref('');
  const password = ref('');

  const submitForm = () => {
    console.log(username.value);
  };

  const isValid = computed(
    () => username.value.length > 0 && password.value.length > 0
  );

  return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
}
```

This function is what we call a **composable**: a reusable piece of logic with the reactive state. Composables can be imported and used in Vue components:

```js
// SomeComponent.vue

import { useForm } from './useForm.js';

export default {
  setup() {
    const { username, password, submitForm, isValid } = useForm();

    return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
  }
};
```

Vue Storefront uses composables as its main API. We will take a look over them in the next chapter.

Commit message:

chore: added link to composables

packages/core/docs/composables/composition-api.md, after:

# Composition API

> If you already have an experience with Vue Composition API, it's safe to skip this section and start with [Vue Storefront Composables](TODO)

Composition API is a new way to abstract and reuse the logic added in Vue 3.0. It allows you to create and observe a reactive state both inside the Vue component and outside it as a standalone function.

Let's try to build functionality for submitting a form with two fields: user name and password.

```html
<template>
  <form>
    <input type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>
```

In the Vue component, Composition API methods should be called inside the new component option called `setup`:

```html
<script>
  export default {
    setup() {
      // here we will start using Composition API
    },
    data() {
      return {
        /* ... */
      };
    },
    methods: {
      /* ... */
    }
  };
</script>
```

First of all, we need two reactive values that will be bound to form fields. They can be created with Vue `ref` method:

```js
import { ref } from 'vue';

export default {
  setup() {
    const username = ref('');
    const password = ref('');

    return { username, password };
  }
};
```

The argument passed to `ref` is an _initial value_ of our reactive state properties. Under the hood, `ref` creates an object with a single property `value`:

```js
setup() {
  const username = ref('');
  const password = ref('');

  console.log(username.value) // => ''

  return { username, password };
}
```

After we returned reactive properties from the `setup`, they become available in Vue component options (such as `data` or `methods`) and in component template. `refs` returned from setup are automatically unwrapped - this means you don't access the `.value` anymore:

```html
<template>
  <form @submit="submitForm">
    <input v-model="username" type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input v-model="password" type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>

<script>
  import { ref } from 'vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      const username = ref('');
      const password = ref('');

      return { username, password };
    }
    methods: {
      submitForm() {
        console.log(this.username)
      }
    }
  };
</script>
```

Methods can be also created inside the `setup` option:

```js{6-11}
export default {
  setup() {
    const username = ref('');
    const password = ref('');

    const submitForm = () => {
      // remember that inside `setup` you need to access ref's value
      console.log(username.value);
    };

    return { username, password, submitForm };
  }
};
```

Let's disable a button when username or password is empty. In order to do this, we can create a computed property - and this can be also done with the Composition API inside the `setup`:

```html{5,15-17}
<template>
  <form @submit="submitForm">
    <input v-model="username" type="text" placeholder="Username" />
    <input v-model="password" type="password" placeholder="Password" />
    <button :disabled="!isValid" type="submit">Submit</button>
  </form>
</template>

<script>
  import { ref, computed } from 'vue';

  export default {
    setup() {
      /*...*/
      const isValid = computed(
        () => username.value.length > 0 && password.value.length > 0
      );

      return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
    }
  };
</script>
```

Now, we can make a final step and abstract all the form functionality _outside_ the component - in a standalone function:

```js
// useForm.js

import { ref, computed } from 'vue';

export function useForm() {
  const username = ref('');
  const password = ref('');

  const submitForm = () => {
    console.log(username.value);
  };

  const isValid = computed(
    () => username.value.length > 0 && password.value.length > 0
  );

  return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
}
```

This function is what we call a **composable**: a reusable piece of logic with the reactive state. Composables can be imported and used in Vue components:

```js
// SomeComponent.vue

import { useForm } from './useForm.js';

export default {
  setup() {
    const { username, password, submitForm, isValid } = useForm();

    return { username, password, submitForm, isValid };
  }
};
```

Vue Storefront uses composables as its main API. We will take a look over them in the next chapter.
