docs/guide/cookbook/elastic.md, before:

# Ch 2. Elasticsearch in the VSF context

In this chapter, we are going to cover : 
[[toc]]

## 0. Introduction
Elasticsearch is the choice of _Vue Storefront_ for its data store as naturally as there must be reasons behind this. What is all this fuss about Elasticsearch? 

<br />
<br />

## 1. Where Elasticsearch fits in VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 2. Set Elasticsearch up and running for VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 3. _Elastic_ and _Search_ in VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 4. Now ES7 is also supported in VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 5. Peripheral Tools available for Elasticsearch
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 6. 
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

Commit message:

[Docs] Updated cookbook/elastic R0 - update

docs/guide/cookbook/elastic.md, after:

# Ch 2. Elasticsearch in the VSF context

In this chapter, we are going to cover : 
[[toc]]

## 0. Introduction
Elasticsearch is the choice of _Vue Storefront_ for its data store as naturally as there must be reasons behind this. 
By its name, you can deduce _Elastic_ to mean scalable, extendable, distributed and type-agnostic which is great in this big data era while _Search_ implies indexing, filter, _Read_ among _CRUD_ which shows its focus. So far so good, then, what is all this fuss about Elasticsearch? 

Elasticsearch is a full-text search and analysis engine based on Apache Lucene by its definition. It employs 


_Vue Storefront_ defines itself backend-agnostic PWA e-commerce solution. 


<br />
<br />

## Appetizer. Where Elasticsearch fits in VSF

<br />
<br />

## 1. Set Elasticsearch up and running for VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 3. _Elastic_ and _Search_ in VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 4. Now ES7 is also supported in VSF
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 5. Peripheral Tools available for Elasticsearch
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />

## 6. 
### 1. Preparation
### 2. Recipe
### 3. Peep into the kitchen (what happens internally)
### 4. Chef's secret (protip)
<br />
<br />
